We got the login screen, let's at the sign-up screen. The sign-up screen unsurprisingly will look a lot
like the login screen.
So I will actually just copy these three files and add them here in the sign-up folder.
Now of course I will rename the file names,
so for the login-component.css file, I got sign-up component, for the login typescript file, I got
sign-up and for the login.html
file,
I got sign-up.
Now it really depends, if you have the exact same templates now,
you can just reuse one template and then for example, create a login and sign-up component and a third
shared component, auth form or anything like that which you just include into the login and sign-up
component through it's selector.
Here I'm really splitting it up to be very explicit about how this works and to really make it clear
that we got two separate routes here
but you could optimize this and merge a lot of the features
or alternatively you might have a sign-up form where you want to listen for different inputs.
Here I will use the same inputs, sign-up component templates therefore looks a lot like the login template,
I will rename this here to sign-up form though,
this local reference, the button at the bottom will say sign-up and the method here will be renamed to onSignup
but that's already it,
sign-up.
Now we can go to the typescript file and there, I will rename the component to sign-up component,
I will leave it like it is.
However this will be called onSignup not onLogin and of course, I will point to the signup-component.html
file and the signup-component.css file here.
And with all that added, we can go to the app module and register the sign-up component.
So here below the login component, I'll add the sign-up component,
let my IDE automatically add the import part at the top which is important, save this
and with that added, go to the app routing file and register a route for it.
You can simply duplicate the login route, replace login with sign-up
and of course replace the component you want to load with the sign-up component,
also make sure to import that type into that file because you are using the type here.
Now of course, I also want to update the header, so that we have a link leading to that sign-up component
here.
So let's go to the header component,
let's replicate our list item here and go to /signup and replace the caption with sign-up.
And with that if we reload, we got sign-up here and you can see we switch,
you can tell by the caption on the button and again, feel free to edit these forms to really suit your
needs and well, reflect the data you want to get.
I don't want to focus too much on creating the form here,
I want to focus on what we do on the back-end and how we then authenticate future requests,
for example when we want to create a post which is why I keep that part here relatively short. We are able
to sign-up and login now, at least from Angular's perspective,
the next part of course is to create the back-end for this, create routes which allow us to do that
and also handle new users with Mongoose and store them in the database.